# tud18-ds4se

## Group members:
* Daniele Montesi <daniele.montesi@mail.polimi.it>
* Maciej Kedzielski <m.a.kedzielski@stud.elka.pw.edu.pl>
* Michael Schwarz <m.schwarz@tum.de>
* Sebastian Ober <sebastian.ober@tum.de>

## Design decisions
* Software component == file
* Git Submodules are out of scope

# Future work
* What about file renames?
* What happens at a branch that is merged way later?
* Do we need to exclude certain file types (e.g. `.md`)?
* Can we improve performance?
